Edge release cycle (#2898)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/service-terms/releases.md

Additional considerations:
* Bug fixes for annual releases under maintenance are deployed manually, not automatically, allowing for more controlled updates.
* Due to the accumulated changes in each annual release, these upgrades may take longer to complete and present a potentially higher risk compared to the continuous deployment model.
<!---
image source: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1S3sCPPBnLpQq9TJZG6Es5X1YKIzp4dAQw6wRB_sws1k/edit?usp=sharing
-->
![Annual upgrade process](../../images/service-terms/annualrelease.png)

> ### Cumulocity Edge Annual Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cumulocity Edge annual deployment
```

> Cumulocity Edge follows an annual deployment cycle, which occurs one month later than the [Cumulocity annual deployment](/service-terms/releases/#annual-deployment). This ensures alignment with broader system updates while providing additional time for Edge-specific testing and stability improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge follows an annual deployment cycle, which occurs one month later than the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} annual deployment](/service-terms/releases/#annual-deployment). This ensures alignment with broader system updates while providing additional time for Edge-specific testing and stability improvements.
```

> Unlike the standard Cumulocity annual deployment, Cumulocity Edge does not include a release candidate phase. Customers are expected to adopt the general availability release directly, ensuring they perform necessary validation in their environments before deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the standard {{< product-c8y-iot >}} annual deployment, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge does not include a release candidate phase. Customers are expected to adopt the general availability release directly, ensuring they perform necessary validation in their environments before deployment.
```

> Customers using older Edge versions should refer to the latest documentation for migration guidance. Updates to the documentation will be made available in the Cumulocity Edge documentation portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers using older Edge versions should refer to the latest documentation for migration guidance. Updates to the documentation will be made available in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge documentation.
```
